tetPolyMesh           = tetPolyMesh
tetPolyBoundaryMesh   = $(tetPolyMesh)/tetPolyBoundaryMesh
tetPolyPatches        = $(tetPolyMesh)/tetPolyPatches
tetPolyPatch          = $(tetPolyPatches)/tetPolyPatch
faceTetPolyPatch      = $(tetPolyPatches)/faceTetPolyPatch
basicTetPolyPatches   = $(tetPolyPatches)/basic
constraintTetPolyPatches = $(tetPolyPatches)/constraint
derivedTetPolyPatches = $(tetPolyPatches)/derived
coupledTetPolyPatch   = $(basicTetPolyPatches)/coupled
coupledFaceTetPolyPatch = $(basicTetPolyPatches)/coupledFace
emptyTetPolyPatch     = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/empty
symmetryTetPolyPatch  = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/symmetry
wedgeTetPolyPatch     = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/wedge
processorTetPolyPatch = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/processor
ggiTetPolyPatch       = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/ggi
cyclicGgiTetPolyPatch = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/cyclicGgi
mixingPlaneTetPolyPatch = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/mixingPlane
globalTetPolyPatch    = $(constraintTetPolyPatches)/global
wallTetPolyPatch      = $(derivedTetPolyPatches)/wall

MapTetFemFields       = $(tetPolyMesh)/MapTetFemFields

tetPolyPatchInterpolation = tetPolyPatchInterpolation

$(tetPolyPatch)/tetPolyPatch.C
$(faceTetPolyPatch)/faceTetPolyPatch.C
$(faceTetPolyPatch)/newFaceTetPolyPatch.C
$(coupledTetPolyPatch)/coupledTetPolyPatch.C
$(emptyTetPolyPatch)/emptyTetPolyPatch.C
$(symmetryTetPolyPatch)/symmetryTetPolyPatch.C
$(wedgeTetPolyPatch)/wedgeTetPolyPatch.C
$(coupledFaceTetPolyPatch)/coupledFaceTetPolyPatch.C
$(processorTetPolyPatch)/processorTetPolyPatchM.C
$(processorTetPolyPatch)/calcProcessorTetPolyPatchAddr.C
$(processorTetPolyPatch)/calcProcessorTetPolyPatchPointAddr.C
$(ggiTetPolyPatch)/ggiTetPolyPatch.C
$(cyclicGgiTetPolyPatch)/cyclicGgiTetPolyPatch.C
$(mixingPlaneTetPolyPatch)/mixingPlaneTetPolyPatch.C
$(globalTetPolyPatch)/globalTetPolyPatch.C
$(globalTetPolyPatch)/calcGlobalTetPolyPatchAddr.C
$(wallTetPolyPatch)/wallTetPolyPatch.C
$(tetPolyBoundaryMesh)/tetPolyBoundaryMesh.C
$(tetPolyMesh)/tetPolyMeshLduAddressing.C
$(tetPolyMesh)/tetPolyMesh.C
$(tetPolyMesh)/calcTetPolyMeshGeometry.C
$(tetPolyMesh)/calcTetPolyMeshAddressing.C
$(tetPolyMesh)/addParallelPointPatch.C
$(tetPolyMesh)/calcTetPolyMeshParPointData.C

$(MapTetFemFields)/tetPointMapper.C
$(MapTetFemFields)/tetPolyPatchMapper.C
$(tetPolyPatchInterpolation)/tetPolyPatchInterpolation.C

tetPolyPatchFields = fields/tetPolyPatchFields
$(tetPolyPatchFields)/tetPolyPatchField/tetPolyPatchFields.C

basicTetPolyPatchFields = $(tetPolyPatchFields)/basic
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/calculated/calculatedTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/coupled/coupledTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/coupledFace/coupledFaceTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/generic/genericTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/value/valueTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/fixedValue/fixedValueTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/mixed/mixedTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(basicTetPolyPatchFields)/zeroGradient/zeroGradientTetPolyPatchFields.C

constraintTetPolyPatchFields = $(tetPolyPatchFields)/constraint
$(constraintTetPolyPatchFields)/empty/emptyTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(constraintTetPolyPatchFields)/wedge/wedgeTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(constraintTetPolyPatchFields)/symmetry/symmetryTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(constraintTetPolyPatchFields)/processor/processorTetPolyPatchFields.C

derivedTetPolyPatchFields = $(tetPolyPatchFields)/derived
$(derivedTetPolyPatchFields)/global/globalTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(derivedTetPolyPatchFields)/componentMixed/componentMixedTetPolyPatchVectorField.C
$(derivedTetPolyPatchFields)/oscillatingFixedValue/oscillatingFixedValueTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(derivedTetPolyPatchFields)/timeVaryingUniformFixedValue/timeVaryingUniformFixedValueTetPolyPatchFields.C
$(derivedTetPolyPatchFields)/slip/slipTetPolyPatchFields.C

elementPatchFields = fields/elementPatchFields
$(elementPatchFields)/elementPatchField/elementPatchFields.C

basicElementPatchFields = $(elementPatchFields)/basic
$(basicElementPatchFields)/calculated/calculatedElementPatchFields.C
$(basicElementPatchFields)/coupled/coupledElementPatchFields.C
$(basicElementPatchFields)/coupledFace/coupledFaceElementPatchFields.C
$(basicElementPatchFields)/value/valueElementPatchFields.C

constraintElementPatchFields = $(elementPatchFields)/constraint
$(constraintElementPatchFields)/empty/emptyElementPatchFields.C
$(constraintElementPatchFields)/wedge/wedgeElementPatchFields.C
$(constraintElementPatchFields)/symmetry/symmetryElementPatchFields.C
$(constraintElementPatchFields)/processor/processorElementPatchFields.C
$(constraintElementPatchFields)/global/globalElementPatchFields.C


fields/tetPointFields/tetPointFields.C
fields/elementFields/elementFields.C

tetFemMatrix/tetFemMatrices.C

LIB = $(FOAM_LIBBIN)/libtetFiniteElement
